Fixed #30375 -- Added FOR NO KEY UPDATE support to QuerySet.select_for_update() on PostgreSQL. (#11247)
django/django: docs/releases/3.2.txt

Models
~~~~~~

> * The new ``no_key`` parameter for :meth:`.QuerySet.select_for_update()`,
>   supported on PostgreSQL, allows to acquire weaker locks that don't block
>   creating rows that reference (through a foreign key) locked rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new ``no_key`` parameter for :meth:`.QuerySet.select_for_update()`,
  supported on PostgreSQL, allows acquiring weaker locks that don't block the 
  creation of rows that reference locked rows through a foreign key.
```
